Vault: update agentic IAM and Verify documents (#3175)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/docs/ai/iam/index.mdx

@include 'alerts/enterprise-and-hcp.mdx'

> Vault Enterprise enables AI agents to obtain fine-grained access to secrets stored in Vault that based on the intersection of Vault policies and Rich Authorization Request (RAR) claims specified in access token granted by an authorization server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Vault Enterprise so AI agents can obtain fine-grained access to secrets
stored in Vault. Vault allows or denies access based on the intersection of Vault
and Rich Authorization Request (RAR) claims specified in access tokens granted
by an authorization server.
```
Style correction: use simple sentences with one idea per sentence

> The authorization server may be a component of an IDP or a distinct authorization server. This process ensures least-privileged, ephemeral permissions to the agent in scenarios where the agent is acting on its own or on behalf of a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault supports using an IdP component or distinct authorization server for as
the authorization authority. Supporting flexible authorization authorities ensures
least-privileged, ephemeral permissions to the agent in scenarios where the agent
is acting on its own or on behalf of a user.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun

## How the request flow works

> Vault acts as an OAuth Resource Server and validates the OAuth-JWT token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault acts as an OAuth resource server and validates the OAuth-JWT token
```
Style correction: reserve capitalization for product names

received by the agent from the Verify IDP authorization server.  The AI agent
is registered with Vault in the Vault Registry, so the Vault is aware of the

> agent's identity as entity and associated policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
received by the agent from the Verify IdP authorization server. Operators
register the AI agent with Vault in the agent registry so Vault can identify the
agent and associate it with an entity for the applicable policies.
```
I believe "IdP" is the industry standard abbreviation for "identity provider"?
Style correction: write in active voice, avoid possessives, reserve capitalization for product names

> <Tip>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Tips are specific actions, configurations, etc. that we want to point out because it'll set the customer up for success. This isn't really that, it's just recommended reading

Review the
[Rich authorization requests (RAR)](/vault/docs/ai/oauth-server/rar/) overview
for a deeper dive into how RAR works with Vault.

> </Tip>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
